[Music]
the girl of my species I'm the only one
I ever saw Joe yeah he was just a
newborn what happens do I have the
plague no don't even play that just
because people who aren't getting sick
anymore doesn't mean that the world is
right again when will it be ready ken
that's balanced and you know what I kind
of like it just you and me eat you gonna
help you sir
and your boy here spice this is my stuff
how many boy looking for any more
company sir ya been
[Music]
his bedroom is with feds no can we stay
I don't think it's a safe place to be
for me cuz I'm a girl
what do you want we committed were very
cold I got a little shot there seems me
been at this a long time I wonder what
the toll is you just gotta keep her
close
what if someone hurt you I'll always be
with you
even if someone pregnant and stabbed me
and knocked me down and put me in a
block of ice and shot me in the bottom
of the ocean now get up and I'll you
free
I'll come find you and I'll keep you in
your dead
[Music]